docs: clarify reschedule, migrate, and replacement terminology (#24929)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/job-specification/disconnect.mdx

This example shows how `stop_on_client_after` interacts with
other blocks. For the `first` group, after the default 10 second
[`heartbeat_grace`] window expires and 90 more seconds passes, the
server will replace the allocation. The client will wait 90 seconds
before sending a stop signal (`SIGTERM`) to the `first-task`
task. After 15 more seconds because of the task's `kill_timeout`, the
client will send `SIGKILL`. The `second` group does not have

> `stop_on_client_after`, so the server will replace the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`stop_on_client_after`, so the server replaces the
```
